Previously on Dexter...
Clear! We have a heartbeat.
-I'll take it.
-Welcome back
to the land of the
living. Mr. Morgan.
-Where's my son?
-Your son left town weeks ago.
My days of being a high school
dropout are officially over.
Thanks for pushing
me to do this.
You're very push-able.
It's one of the many
things I like about you.
Yo. yo. yo.
Want a ride. big guy?
I wish I could.
Those Ryan's wheels?
Yep. He got a honey on his arm
-and he's looking for you.
-Harrison.
-Ooh.
-Is she okay?
We just met at the bar.
She and I are gonna
have some fun.
-Help.
-Are you okay?
There's plenty more
where she came from.
Down in New York City. a man's
chopped-up body was found.
They found the body parts
cut up into nine pieces.
Nine pieces?
The city's only four hours away.
It's the perfect
place to disappear.
Officers Wallace
and Oliva. Homicide.
Fucking psycho.
-Invitation delivered.
-Dexter.
Please let this be
another hallucination.
María told me that you were
the Bay Harbor Butcher.
Crazy. huh?
He's still in the shower.
It's been 45 minutes.
Fuck.
My son.
I could cry.
♪ "War Pigs" by Black
Sabbath playing ♪
♪ Generals gathered
in their masses ♪
♪ Just like witches... ♪
Here for me?
Not unless you're Jessica.
♪ Evil minds that plot... ♪
I think that's us.
You here for Liz?
♪ Sorcerer of death's
construction... ♪
Hey. You Jack?
Yeah. that's me.
♪ Yeah ♪
Hello. sir.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
There's a bottle of
water in the pocket.
Thank you.
What kind of music do you like?
Uh...
just something
soothing. I think.
♪ Pol... ♪
Stanley. where you from?
I'm from Haiti.
But I've been living
here for many years.
I was born here.
Lived in New York my whole life.
Lucky you. mister.
So how was the concert?
Don't know. I wasn't there.
I don't like that kind of place.
Filled with assholes.
Surely they're not all bad.
Oh. yeah. they are.
You don't remember
how it used to be.
before it all went to shit.
Uh-oh. You're not Jack.
Turn right up here.
We're gonna take the
Manhattan Bridge. okay?
Are...
Are you... are you...
Going to kill you?
Well. who knows?
Let's just say...
...it all depends.
Tell me. Stanley.
Who is going to miss
you when you're gone?
Hmm?
Is it them?
-Is it them?!
-Mm.
Yes.
-My children.
-Your children.
My children are
gonna miss-miss me.
What are their names?
B-B-Bethany and Daniel.
Oh.
How old?
Huh?
B-B-Bethany is... is five
-and Daniel is nine.
-Mm-hmm.
Are they good kids?
Yes. th-th-they're good kids.
-They're good kids.
-I was a good kid. too.
Me and my brother.
Didn't help us any.
We still lost everything
because of you fucks.
What do you think
that feels like?
To lose everything?
-Hmm?
-I don't...
Turn. Turn.
I...
I-I-I don't know.
But. please. please don't...
-I don't know.
-Well.
you're about to find out.
Yo. yo. yo. guys.
Come-come check this out.
What are you waiting for?
Go talk to him.
Make sure he's okay.
I can see he's okay.
-Dex.
-He's been going through a lot.
I'm sure the last thing he wants
is another of his dead
bodies showing up.
You're worried he's
gonna reject you.
You need to set your own
feelings aside on this.
He needs your help.
I'm giving him what he needs...
someone checking up on him.
covering up any mistakes
he might've made.
It would be stupid
just to walk in on him
without knowing what
the situation is.
-You're not listening.
-I'm being smart.
Practical.
That's how I can help him.
Oh. Sorry. I was just looking
for some toilet paper.
Mm. yeah.
♪ "The Saint of Lost Causes" by
Justin Townes Earle playing ♪
Thank you.
♪ I'm a bad dream ♪
♪ I'm not a nightmare. I'm
too pretty for that... ♪
It's a lot tougher
finding a crime scene
as a civilian.
♪ Last thing you
want to see coming ♪
♪ I'm the reason they say.
"Watch your back..." ♪
Especially in a 16-floor hotel.
♪ I was like a wounded hound ♪
♪ Backed into a
chain-link fence ♪
♪ The world at large was
just a big. mean kid ♪
♪ Poking me through the
fence with a stick... ♪
I used to chase deer for fun.
Being in a coma's not exactly
good for one's cardio.
♪ Therein lies one of
life's biggest lessons ♪
♪ Ain't got nothing to
do with dessert... ♪
Still feels odd to be on the
wrong side of crime scene tape.
♪ Lost causes ♪
♪ It's a cruel world ♪
♪ It ain't hard to understand ♪
♪ You got your sheep ♪
♪ Got your shepherds ♪
♪ Got your wolves amongst men ♪
What exactly are
you looking for?
Blood.
And anything that
doesn't seem right.
But mostly...
Blood.
What?
Nothing. That's just it.
I'm seeing nothing.
If Harrison did a kill
here. he cleaned up well.
Still no blood.
That's interesting.
Shower curtain's
been around a while.
but the plastic
curtain liner is new.
Okay.
I'm thinking he used
the plastic liner
to wrap the body.
And then replaced
it with a new one.
He may be following
in my footsteps.
I'm not sure that's
something to be happy about.
We'll require
your assistance for
the next few hours.
You were here all day.
I am aware.
Do you know. there was
another rideshare driver
killed yesterday.
Perhaps you could
look into that.
That is not my case.
I haven't got time for this.
I've got a big gala coming up.
I am well aware.
Had to close off this
whole floor to guests.
No one wants to be
reminded of a murder.
Murder is all I think about.
We got new findings from
our medical examiner
we need to follow up on.
We'll be out of here
as fast as we can.
Just let her do her thing.
Porcelain dust in
the vic's hair.
Like from a lamp.
It was a flat object.
More like a toilet tank lid.
Notice how the bowl is
an English bisque color.
whereas the lid is alabaster.
It may have been used
as the murder weapon.
then subsequently replaced.
Just what Harrison needs.
a good cop.
And you already noted
that the shower liner
-had been replaced.
-It may have been used
-to carry the body away.
-Right.
And we found enough Rohypnol
in the victim's luggage
to put down an elephant.
How's it all fit together?
Maybe a date rape situation
that went sideways.
That may be a component.
But date rape victims
do not typically murder
their attackers. cut their
bodies into nine pieces.
and place them in garbage bags.
No. they do not.
On the other hand.
the medical examiner said
our victim was hit repeatedly
over the head. past
the point of death.
Ergo. there is a "crime of
passion" element to this.
Doesn't sound like he's
following in your footsteps.
We luminoled this room and
found no bodily fluids at all.
Typical cleansing bleaches.
such as those utilized by this
hotel. would not hide blood.
Only oxygen bleach
-would do that.
-Only oxygen bleach
would do that.
Which suggests
that an individual with
some knowledge in forensics
cleaned this room in an
attempt to hide all evidence.
Smart boy.
I want to luminol all the
bathrooms on this floor
to prove that.
except for this one.
every bathroom shows
signs of bodily fluids.
Your only evidence
is that the Empire is too clean?
Ha.
Good luck getting
a warrant for that.
We will be coming back.
This room remains under
active investigation. yes?
Give me a hand!
-Hey.
Uh. I have a test tonight.
which means I could be a
little later than usual.
Um. and you.
young man. better be asleep
by the time I get home.
Harrison says rules
are meant to be broken.
Oh. Does he. now?
Well. uh. not my
rules. right. Harrison?
-Definitely not.
-Uh-huh. That's good to hear.
So. there's dinner on the stove.
-Sopa de lentejas.
-Deliciosa.
And if he has any problems
wheezing or breathing
or anything. just... you know
how to use the nebulizer.
Is that getting better?
No. If anything.
it's getting worse.
So just keep an eye on it.
Yeah. I got it.
All right. I'm out of here.
When you head back to the
hotel. I have Room 1210 for you.
-Thanks.
-Okay.
Buddy.
All right. buddy.
It's time to read.
Did you bring Ninja Turtles?
Let's see.
Boom.
Open it up.
If Harrison killed a rapist.
it's possible he's
developing his own code.
Yeah.
But bashing a guy in
the head over and over
even after he's dead
shouldn't fit anyone's code.
I made mistakes
when I was his age.
Got caught up in the moment
and didn't always think ahead.
And who helped you gain control.
learn from your mistakes?
That was always you.
Yes. Your father.
And Harrison needs that same
guidance from his father.
He doesn't just think I'm dead.
He thinks he killed me.
Having me show up
out of the blue
could seriously
fuck up his head.
I don't know. Dex.
He's figuring this out on his
own. and he's doing a good job.
The fact that the police
are investigating this shows
he's made at least one mistake.
And that's why I'm here...
to protect Harrison.
Cameras at the elevators.
Not really an issue for me.
It would be impossible for
Harrison to sneak the body out
of this hotel without
first cutting it up.
Where could he have done that?
Stainless steel counters.
Lots of plastic.
A limitless supply
of garbage bags.
And razor-sharp knives.
This would work.
♪ Life's a ball ♪
♪ Could it be all
because of you...? ♪
Excuse me. What time
does the kitchen close?
In another 30 minutes. sir.
Can I order a cheeseburger?
Absolutely.
Actually. make that two.
♪ That love was
always stranded ♪
♪ I ♪
♪ Can't go... ♪
So I'm at a loss here.
How is it that Dexter
just disappeared?
Dexter?
Dexter Morgan.
You knew him as Jim Lindsay.
Yes. of course.
He left.
I don't know that he
technically disappeared.
Not in. like. a magical
sort of way. I mean.
You see.
Dexter... Jim... was a
very good friend of mine.
And I'm concerned about him.
The doc said he should've
stayed in the clinic
for at least another
couple of weeks.
So I'm worried that maybe his
head is not exactly right.
He's been through an awful lot.
What can you tell me
to help me find him?
What was he like here?
Everyone liked Jim.
A nice man.
I don't know too many
personal details about him.
He liked tuna.
-Tuna?
-Yes.
Tuna melts. to be precise.
Doesn't it seem odd to you
that he left in such a hurry?
He was free to go.
-I sure feel bad for him.
-Why?
Oh.
He and Angela breaking
up the way they did.
And then Angela shooting him
and his nearly dying
out there in the snow.
Wherever he is...
...he must be miserable.
Mmm.
Hey. Could I get some more
of those sour pickles?
Do you know where
he might've gone?
Did he travel much
while he was here?
People move to Iron Lake 'cause
they like the peace and quiet.
How did he leave here?
He have a car?
He had a pickup truck.
Can you set it up
that you get notified
if the truck shows up anywhere?
If it gets a ticket? It's sold?
You know. keep me informed.
I can do that. Sure.
Ah.
There's not much
more I can do here.
I guess I'll fly home tomorrow.
Be happy to give you
a ride to the airport.
We can stop here
first for pancakes.
♪ Patiently waiting ♪
♪ For me to catch your eye ♪
♪ And bring you home ♪
♪ Somewhere in here is
a heart. tear it... ♪
The perfect kill room.
Cleaned every night.
But was it cleaned
to hide all traces
of a human body having
been butchered here?
If Harrison chopped
up the body here.
he did a good job
of cleaning up.
But nobody's perfect.
Blood. Not animal blood.
All animals are exsanguinated
when they're killed.
That red liquid that spills out
of a juicy red
steak isn't blood.
It's myoglobin.
And as the good detective
pointed out...
...standard cleansing bleach
won't hide blood from luminol.
Dad!
No.
No. I'm so sorry.
It didn't have to be this way!
It's party time!
Look at you. all amped up.
Usually I got to
practically break your arm
to get you to go out.
Yeah.
I guess I just felt like
having a little fun.
Ooh. And what is your
car of choice. good sir?
Porsche. Mercedes. Lambo.
-GT...
-Surprise me.
Say less.
Yo. Harrison! Come on!
Come on. bro.
Let's get fucked-up.
-Let's get fucked-up.
-Exactly.
Let's get fucked-up.
Hey!
Hey. that's my truck.
Read the sign.
From the tiniest drop of blood.
I can determine how
a man was killed.
But I can't make
any sense of this.
Look. I know you went
to a lot of trouble
to hook this up. but...
Not interested. This is going
to the impound lot in Brooklyn.
Can I ride with you?
You really can't read. can you?
Take a UrCar.
Can you tell me
your name. please?
Uh. Dexter.
Thank you.
It's late.
You been out partying?
Uh...
Sort of.
And now we are going
to an impound lot.
They towed your car?
Yeah.
Sorry to hear that.
Not your fault. I
didn't read the signs.
So unlike me.
You're new here?
Yeah. First time.
Just a visit or...
something more permanent?
Uh. I'm not sure.
Change is good. Yeah?
This is the greatest
city in the world.
Do you have family here?
Yeah. I have a son.
But we have a
complicated relationship.
Unless abandoning him.
leading him to
believe you're dead.
and wrapping it all up by having
him shoot you in the chest
is normal where you come from.
I've been here over 30 years.
Came with my mother when I
was 13. from Sierra Leone.
And now. I have a
wife and a daughter.
When's the last time
you saw your son?
It was a little while ago.
-He looked good.
-Ah. nice.
Sorry I was a bit cautious
when I picked you up.
As you may know. we
have a serial killer
who's taking out
rideshare drivers.
-No. I didn't.
-It's been all over the news.
Ah. but. of course.
you just got here. huh?
He's killed seven people so far.
They call him the
Dark Passenger.
-The what?
-The Dark Passenger.
It never occurred to me
to trademark my alter ego.
A scary name for a scary man.
He's killed seven
people. you said?
He saws off their heads. Yeah.
Seems like the police
don't have a clue.
Even so. I'd never
leave New York. Mm-mm.
After all.
many of us don't get
murdered. you know?
Yeah. I guess not.
♪ "The Money" by
Key Man playing ♪
-♪ I'm the hustler of the year ♪
-♪ Turn up. turn up ♪
♪ Don't cross me
frontin' ever... ♪
-There you go.
-Whoo!
-Yo! Shit.
-My man!
Fuck yeah. bro. Now
it's a fucking party.
♪ Every time I hit it
like a date night ♪
♪ Eat it all up like
a steak. right? ♪
♪ Hold up. hold up.
I get it nonstop ♪
♪ Try to stop that.
and the 40 go pop ♪
♪ Watch for the goons.
they're flooding your block ♪
♪ Bang on your head and
you know we gonna rock... ♪
A lot of drivers
are taking a break.
It's too dangerous out here.
-Huh.
-Sure.
I have a friend who was nearly
killed by the Dark Passenger.
God was kind to him.
though. and he got away.
Lost part of his ear. though.
He saw the Dark Passenger?
Dude got into his car
and tried to kill him.
Can you imagine?
Looking into the eyes
of a serial killer?
Spooky.
Exactly.
How would I go about
becoming a UrCar driver?
I mean. I need a job. and I
can't be too choosy right now.
I'll send you a link.
-Has all the information.
-Thanks.
I'm also sending
you my home address.
I'm having a party
tomorrow. You should come.
Make some friends.
Oh. that's nice of you. but I
don't know if I can make it.
Family stuff.
-That's you?
-Yeah.
You can't drive in
that. my friend.
It's disturbing.
You've got to get
yourself a normal car.
Yeah. Uh. great. I've
been meaning to do that.
-Normal.
-Good.
Well. if you find yourself free
tomorrow. you know. stop by.
My name's Blessing
Kamara. And you are?
Dexter Morgan. And thank you.
I will.
Hey. Welcome to New York. huh?
Hey.
So now. you suddenly want
to be a UrCar driver?
Got to make a living somehow.
You want to go after
that serial killer.
He stole my name.
You're in New York City to
make sure your son is okay.
It's called multitasking.
What the...?
No luck. huh?
Charley.
My-my goodness. what a...
what a nice surprise.
Walk with me.
Uh. I'd love to. but I've got...
It's not a request.
So. uh... what brings
you out to Michigan?
-Money.
-Wow. that's great.
Uh. no idea what's going
on with the ATM back there.
but I am so happy to hear the
big man agreed to my little ask.
Work's been slow these days.
so extra hundred grand's
really gonna help me out.
You're not getting it.
Say what?
The rules were
explained very clearly.
No requests. no demands.
or you're out. Keith.
Or do you prefer to be
called the Canton Clubber?
Either way. you are out.
We closed your account.
Never contact us again.
Please. I need
this-this situation.
The extra money. it's-it's. um.
something I really count on.
-Nope.
-T-Tell him.
tell him I got some really
great souvenirs I can bring him.
It'll be worth it to him.
You mean like this?
But how... How did you...?
-Where did you...
-You know where.
Up in your attic. behind
the Christmas decorations.
You went into my
house? That's...
This is what you're going to do.
You're gonna disappear
from our lives.
Never contact us again.
That way. you can keep
what has already been so
generously given to you.
What happens... what happens
if I go to the police? The FBI?
Tell 'em what your boss does.
And that you're a serial killer?
Good luck with that.
Fuck.
Uh. let me. let me talk to him.
Give me five
minutes of his time.
Where's his father?
Nothing new on
Harrison's killing.
No suspects. That's good.
And what about our
local serial killer?
This is a very big city.
but there's still only room
for one Dark Passenger.
Dexter!
How are you this morning?
I'm good.
Uh. I was wondering.
is your friend
who met the Dark Passenger
going to be at your party?
Yes. of course. He needs
our love and support.
Do you think it'd be okay if
I asked him a few questions?
Just for my personal safety.
and that of my
riders. of course.
Yes. certainly. Huh? Does
that mean you're coming?
Yeah. I'll be there.
Don't forget your appetite.
Never leave home without it.
Fuck.
I want what every father wants.
for his child to be happy.
Fucking Jim Lindsay.
Yo. Lance. You want
to buy a truck?
Is this everything?
Yes. This is all the footage
security found on Ryan Foster.
We luminoled every
bathroom on that floor.
Even though they'd all been
cleaned by housekeeping staff.
they still lit up
like Christmas trees.
What fluids were found?
Uh. some had small
amounts of blood.
-And?
-Pretty much what you'd expect.
Tell me.
Uh. testing suggests urine.
some fecal matter.
the occasional trace of semen.
And?
What other bodily
fluids are there?
Saliva. breast milk.
pus. vomit. sweat. bile.
lymph. earwax. mucus. phlegm.
vaginal lubrication.
synovial fluid from the
joints. cerebrospinal fluid.
and of course. extra
vascular fluid.
We didn't specifically
check for any of those.
The abundance of fluids found
in these rooms is normal.
but vastly different
from the room
where the murder took place.
which showed no
bodily fluids at all.
and that is far from normal.
-Still no reason...
-This proves that someone took
extra care to clean
something in that bathroom.
and that something is
almost certainly blood.
Why do you have so many
blind spots in your cameras?
You don't have any
in the hallways.
Well. our guests deserve
a certain amount of privacy.
We only place cameras in
public spaces... the lobby.
uh. public elevators.
the bar. the restaurant.
Who is this person?
Make it bigger.
I believe she was here for
the medical conference.
-How many drinks was that?
-Only one.
Guess that's where
the Rohypnol comes in.
We need to speak to this
woman. What is her name?
Well. I'd have to check.
Check.
♪ Happiness is. is so sweet... ♪
Mmm. Wow. this is good.
There is plenty more.
I see you've met my
mother. Prudence.
And even better.
you've met her food.
Yeah. we've become very good
friends. Her food. I mean.
She worked very hard
her whole life.
earned enough money
to buy our house.
That's great.
And this is my beautiful
wife. Constance.
Say hello to Dexter Morgan.
-Welcome to our home.
-Thank you.
Come. come. come. come.
And this is my very
headstrong daughter
-Joy. and her fiancé Sam.
-Oh. By "headstrong"
he means I don't do every
little thing he says.
You see what I mean?
Yeah. I've learned
to stay out of this.
Very smart man.
It's nice to meet you all.
Dexter has just moved here.
Nice. Where are you living?
-A motel right now. but...
-Ah. Chike is here.
Dexter. come.
This is my old friend Chike.
And my new friend Dexter.
-Hi.
He's the man I was
telling you about.
You met the Dark Passenger?
I'm afraid so.
I-I just have this
little reminder.
Were the police any help?
I didn't report it.
My visa has expired. so...
So the imposter is all mine.
Dexter is thinking about
becoming a UrCar driver.
He thought you might have
some tips on staying alive.
Ah. I'm not sure what
I can do to help.
What did he look like?
It was a white man.
About your age.
Your size. Your hair color.
So I'm looking for a white
man who looks like me.
Thanks. Chike.
If you were a serial killer who
wore a hoodie. it could be you.
I don't wear a hoodie.
I... Can I show you the video?
-Video?
-Uh. uh. yes.
My dash cam recorded it all.
Here. Here.
He gets into the car
and slides behind me.
He put something very
sharp around my neck.
-He has no face.
-It's a camera-shy hoodie.
A camera what?
The hood has infrared lights
aimed at the man's face.
Our eyes don't see them. but
if you point a camera at it.
it washes everything out.
He tells me where to go.
and then starts asking me
who will miss me when I'm gone.
He was torturing you.
And this is where I get away.
The light is green.
but I slam on the
brakes. at the same time
I pull the release on my seat
to loosen the chain on my neck.
I slide under very fast.
but he still cuts my ear.
There are people around
wondering why I stopped.
Cars honking.
He gets nervous. grabs his
backpack. and runs away.
You were very smart
and very brave.
I just didn't want to die.
We put out more food.
Come. eat.
You must eat. too. Mama.
Remember what the doctor said.
You don't worry about me.
You shouldn't be
staying in a motel.
It's a waste of money.
I haven't had time to find
anything more permanent.
I have a solution.
Joy has moved out and we
have a vacant apartment.
Ah. come on.
We can offer him
a very fair price.
-Really?
-It's what friends do. huh?
That's very generous.
Friends also collect first
and last month's rent
and security deposit.
Of course.
I got a new car.
It's normal. I think.
Well. that's nice.
You learn very quickly.
It's one knife wrap
short of a kill room.
Sorry for the mess.
We are repainting.
Joy will pick up the
table when she can.
Uh. she can leave that.
Oh. she needs it.
She's doing acupuncture.
Right.
It's nothing fancy...
But has everything you need.
Free utilities and Wi-Fi and
plenty of food and company
just upstairs.
It might work.
-Let me think about it.
-Of course.
Look around. I'll
be right out front.
He's nice. I like him.
You should take it.
It's a basement.
More private.
Not with Blessing and
his family just above me.
Am I really moving
to New York City?
Staying? Is that what
this is all about?
Truth is. you could
go wherever you want.
You're a free man. son.
But you're also a father
with a son who needs you.
That's why you came here.
That's why you're staying.
If you want to get
a driver's license.
or become a UrCar driver.
or do much of anything.
you need a permanent address.
-Blessing.
-Yes. my friend?
I'll take it.
Dexter Morgan.
I'm me again.
Thanks for the video. Chike.
There's a logo on the backpack.
Bridge... Data...
"Bridge Data Network."
"A leading provider
of cybersecurity
for all your
professional needs."
I can set it up so
I can get notified
whenever someone from
there calls for a UrCar.
Do you think the Dark
Passenger works there?
He's not the Dark Passenger.
That's part of me.
I refuse to call him that.
Got to call him something.
The impostor.
He's been killing every
two to three weeks.
It gives me time
to figure this out.
Looks like Ronald Schmidt
missed picture day.
Ronald Schmidt.
Faceless Ronald Schmidt.
you have me curious.
Two Ronald Schmidts in
the state of New York.
One is...
a resident of Holy Cross
Cemetery in Flatbush.
The other is... three
years old. Let's go wider.
Ronald Schmidt is a
tractor salesman in Topeka.
A roofing contractor in Atlanta.
Let's try Ron Schmidt.
Ronny Schmidt.
Nothing.
Ronald Schmidt of
Bridge Data Network
has absolutely no
online presence.
Impressive. He's a ghost.
What is it you're
hiding. Ronald?
Cameras everywhere.
And 100 people with hoodies
just like our killer.
Could it be that easy?
Nope.
Never is.
-Hey.
-Guess what?
-What?
-I aced that test.
-Fantastic. Good job.
I owe you for watching Dante.
We should get a drink.
-I would love to.
-Great.
Hey. boss.
The police would
like to speak to you.
Thanks.
Lisa and Andrew are
done for the day.
You seem calmer.
More relaxed than you
have in a long time.
Yeah. I am. I'm doing
something I know how to do.
something I'm good at.
What's the plan?
Your body isn't ready
for anything physical.
Just a preliminary vetting.
See if I can get
eyes on Schmidt.
get a sense of who he is.
All the stuff I've done
a million times before.
Who is this?
Is this Ronald Schmidt?
Oh. shit. He's in kill mode.
His need is growing.
You Tommy?
Yes. I am.
Hey.
Don't take my UrCar.
Sorry.
Shit.
What was that about?
You weren't gonna contact him.
Dad. we've already
talked about this.
This isn't a lecture.
It's a question.
I ask you as my peer.
He was gonna kill that driver.
So you stepped in to save him?
Yes.
You know that's
different. right?
From what you've
done in the past.
Putting everything
at risk to save
rather than to kill somebody.
Okay. Yeah.
I guess.
Since when do you care
about other people?
Since now.
New York may be a big town.
but it's not big enough
for two Dark Passengers.
Ronald Schmidt. my kill
table is ready for you.
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-